We are developing a quiz game app.
The app is a Vite React application, hosted on GitHub Pages, and uses Supabase for the backend.
Key Features:
Quiz Functionality: The app displays questions from the Supabase database and allows revealing the answers.Participants should be able to give their own answers
Navigation: A game host will be navigating through the questions. Players will see the current question on their screen based on the realtime subscription.
Technical Details:
React Router v6: Used for routing within the app. The routing setup includes nested routes and hash-based navigation for direct question links.
Styling: Tailwind CSS and Shadcn UI are used for styling components.
Data Fetching: Supabase's JS library V2 is utilized for fetching quiz data from the database.

We're about to enhance our Database further. Currently, we have one realtime database hosting the gamestate
create table
  public.gamestates (
    id bigint generated by default as identity,
    room_id uuid null default gen_random_uuid (),
    created_by text null,
    created_at timestamp with time zone not null default now(),
    updated_at timestamp with time zone null default (now() at time zone 'utc'::text),
    team_id smallint null default '0'::smallint,
    buzzed boolean null default false,
    creator_id uuid null,
    amount_buzzered integer null default 0,
    is_local_game boolean null default false,
    constraint gamestates_pkey primary key (id)
  ) tablespace pg_default;

create trigger check_buzzed_before_update before
update of buzzed on gamestates for each row
execute function check_buzzed_update ();

We also have a table mapping questions to games, since in our platform a game is only a predefined set of questions in a set order.

create table
  public.game_question_mapping (
    game_id uuid not null,
    question_id uuid not null,
    order_number smallint not null,
    constraint game_questions_pkey primary key (game_id, question_id),
    constraint game_question_mapping_game_id_fkey foreign key (game_id) references games_list (id),
    constraint game_question_mapping_question_id_fkey foreign key (question_id) references questions (id)
  ) tablespace pg_default;

  We want to add current_game_id and, more importantly, current_question to gamestates, so that the players subscribed to the realtime database will receive the current question being played. Do we need to include all columns of questions to gamestate as well, or can we just provide the question's id and the players frontends query the question from our db? How can we make sure that all players will see the questions simultaneously with this design?